 Cervical cancer (Risk Factors) Data Set
Download: Data Folder, Data Set Description

Abstract: This dataset focuses on the prediction of indicators/diagnosis of cervical cancer. The features cover demographic information, habits, and historic medical records.
	

Data Set Characteristics:  
	

Multivariate
	

Number of Instances:
	

858
	

Area:
	

Life

Attribute Characteristics:
	

Integer, Real
	

Number of Attributes:
	

36
	

Date Donated
	

2017-03-03

Associated Tasks:
	

Classification
	

Missing Values?
	

Yes
	

Number of Web Hits:
	

12821

Source:

Kelwin Fernandes (kafc _at_ inesctec _dot_ pt) - INESC TEC & FEUP, Porto, Portugal.
Jaime S. Cardoso - INESC TEC & FEUP, Porto, Portugal.
Jessica Fernandes - Universidad Central de Venezuela, Caracas, Venezuela.

Data Set Information:

The dataset was collected at 'Hospital Universitario de Caracas' in Caracas, Venezuela. The dataset comprises demographic information, habits, and historic medical records of 858 patients. Several patients decided not to answer some of the questions because of privacy concerns (missing values).

Attribute Information:

(int) Age
(int) Number of sexual partners
(int) First sexual intercourse (age)
(int) Num of pregnancies
(bool) Smokes
(bool) Smokes (years)
(bool) Smokes (packs/year)
(bool) Hormonal Contraceptives
(int) Hormonal Contraceptives (years)
(bool) IUD
(int) IUD (years)
(bool) STDs
(int) STDs (number)
(bool) STDs:condylomatosis
(bool) STDs:cervical condylomatosis
(bool) STDs:vaginal condylomatosis
(bool) STDs:vulvo-perineal condylomatosis
(bool) STDs:syphilis
(bool) STDs:pelvic inflammatory disease
(bool) STDs:genital herpes
(bool) STDs:molluscum contagiosum
(bool) STDs:AIDS
(bool) STDs:HIV
(bool) STDs:Hepatitis B
(bool) STDs:HPV
(int) STDs: Number of diagnosis
(int) STDs: Time since first diagnosis
(int) STDs: Time since last diagnosis
(bool) Dx:Cancer
(bool) Dx:CIN
(bool) Dx:HPV
(bool) Dx
(bool) Hinselmann: target variable
(bool) Schiller: target variable
(bool) Cytology: target variable
(bool) Biopsy: target variable

Relevant Papers:

Kelwin Fernandes, Jaime S. Cardoso, and Jessica Fernandes. 'Transfer Learning with Partial Observability Applied to Cervical Cancer Screening.' Iberian Conference on Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis. Springer International Publishing, 2017.


Citation Request:

Kelwin Fernandes, Jaime S. Cardoso, and Jessica Fernandes. 'Transfer Learning with Partial Observability Applied to Cervical Cancer Screening.' Iberian Conference on Pattern Recognition and Image Analysis. Springer International Publishing, 2017.
